docs: Add documentation for `ParticleHypothesis` (#2799)
acts-project/acts: docs/core/eventdata/measurements.md

# Measurements

Measurements exist as *uncalibrated* and *calibrated* types. While
*uncalibrated* measurements are the direct output of the data formation, during
the track fit, when trajectory information (or information about the trajectory
hypothesis) is available, certain calibration steps can help to improve the

> track fit quality.

Reviewer: The second sentence is not really clear to me.

Author: these are changes I absorbed from paul and it is just moving the text from `docs/core/eventdata.md` to here

but I can try to improve it

> Measurements exist as *uncalibrated* and *calibrated* types. While
> *uncalibrated* measurements are the direct output of the data formation, during
> the track fit, when trajectory information (or information about the trajectory
> hypothesis) is available, certain calibration steps can help to improve the
> track fit quality.

Author: ```suggestion
Measurements exist as *uncalibrated* and *calibrated* types. *Uncalibrated*
measurements are the direct output of the data formation. *Calibrated*
measurements are used during track fitting. When trajectory information
(or information about the trajectory hypothesis) is available, certain calibration
steps can help to improve the track fit quality.
```
